I want to see what Ye Xian does
Ye Xian
How could he possibly get an invitation?
Come in our common car with antiques
You know Ye Xian
That kid has a grudge against me
I will kill you sooner or later
Just him
It is also equipped as a VIP car for the antique convention.
You must be blind to me.
Yes, yes, maybe I'm confused.
Let me understand for a while
Get inside. I'm going to meet some friends
You can browse by yourself first.
What's the matter with me and paying the fee?
Okay, Xiaoming, come on.
This is the legendary Big Brother Higan
So angry
Mr. Yi Ms. Liu
If you need any help later
Just take care of me
Ok, please
Did you see Ye Xian?
The Chengdu man stood on the road like a pug
I'm really happy to see it.
Hey
Ye Xian
What are you doing here?